Ghosts
This Zhang is my friend.
Give it to the next immortal
Let's disperse
Wow
Uncle Qi has such a big face
That's my master!
He is the first mage at the time
Why is Uncle Qin so evil?
Follow me
It's been days.
I can't go.
Maybe the secret is in your house?
What? I live in a rented room.
Hey, Uncle Qin won't
My house has bad feng shui
You'll know when you go back and have a look. It's good to go.
Hey Zhang
How do you start renting now?
I remember when you just graduated from college
Didn't you enter the factory?
Oh, isn't this forced by life?
I am now
Working in a factory during the day
At night, I have to drive a rental part-time
Saturday and Sunday, you have to insist on delivering the courier.
Haven't rested for a year
I worked so hard
Do you pay attention to your body?
Hey
How is society now?
Girlfriend is getting married
The bride price alone is 200,000
House down payment 300,000
Now it's up to me in the factory.
5,000 yuan a month salary
I can't afford a house for the rest of my life